Introduction:

Overview of how UX design and research integrate into agile workflows.

Chapter 1: History and Building Up to Agile: Waterfall and Lean:

Understanding the history and methodology of Waterfall and Lean.
Key takeaways and deep dives into the positives and negatives of Waterfall.
Introduction to Lean principles and popular terms.

Chapter 2: Origins of Agile:

Introduction to agile methodology.
Exploration of the Agile Manifesto and its principles.

Chapter 3: Agile Frameworks:

Overview of Scrum and Kanban frameworks.
Key terminology, roles, and processes in Scrum.
Introduction to the Kanban process.
Discussion on pain points for UX teams using agile frameworks.

Chapter 4: Solutions:

Strategies for integrating UX into agile, including workshops, Sprint N-1, and dual-track agile.

Conclusion:

Next steps and final thoughts on applying the concepts learned.

== QUIZES ====

What does MVP stand for?
Minimum Viable Product is the term to describe putting forth just enough of your product to get feedback from users to see if you are on the right track.


The main idea behind Lean is that you constantly gather feedback from users and then use that feedback to make changes.
Lean is an iterative process based on running small experiments with users to get feedback and improve your product.


Which statement best describes Waterfall?
It allows you to have a whole picture before starting the UX process.
Before you start the UX process, you get the product's specifications in order to see the whole picture.


Which best describes how the product manager creates the product requirement document (PRD) in a Waterfall process?
They work primarily alone with little input from the other delivery team members.
The product manager works largely on their own since the other teams are working on different projects that already have a PRD.
Agile User Experience Design and Research

UX professionals helped create the Manifesto for Agile Software Development.
The Manifesto for Agile Software Development was created by a group of software engineers. There were no UX professionals involved.


What is the name of the meeting that occurs most frequently in a Scrum Framework?
daily standup

What is the goal of Kanban?
to minimize multitasking
Kanban's goal is to minimize the amount of work in-progress so you minimize context switching and therefore maximize efficiency.

What pain point(s) do UX resources encounter when working in an Agile environment?
short timelines and lack of a big picture view
Short timelines make it difficult to conduct proper research, and the lack of a holistic view makes design decisions difficult.


What is the main difference between an epic and user story?
Epics describe the larger vision, while user stories focus on and what you work on during a sprint.
Epics are broken down into user stories and that is what contains the detailed information we need to work on in a sprint.

Where will a UX designer be located in a Scrum framework?
Scrum team
The Scrum team includes both UX and development resources.

What are the two primary Agile frameworks?
Scrum and Kanban are the two primary frameworks.












